resources.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Resources
permalink: /resources/
---

This page contains links to useful websites that I often use/visit and are related to data analysis.

## Blogs

[R-bloggers](https://www.r-bloggers.com/) - blog aggregator that publishes articles contributed by hundreds of R bloggers.

## Podcasts

[Partially Derivative](http://partiallyderivative.com/) - the only data science podcast I listen to. Actually, the only podcast I listen to in general.

## Books

### R

[Advanced R](http://adv-r.had.co.nz/) - I got this book before I could really understand it, but now I love it. The link will take you to the companion website, where you can read it online, or you can get a [physical copy from Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Advanced-Chapman-Hall-Hadley-Wickham/dp/1466586966). 

[Machine Learning with R](https://www.amazon.com/Machine-Learning-R-Brett-Lantz/dp/1782162143) - This book was my first contact with machine learning. It provides a great overview of machine learning algorithms and serves as a great reference point for more advanced topics in R and machine learning.

Commit message:

Dodao R users link na Resources, promijenio mail adresu, popravio linkove za feed, počeo novi post

resources.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Resources
permalink: /resources/
---

This page contains links to useful websites that I often use/visit and are related to data analysis.

## Blogs

[R-bloggers](https://www.r-bloggers.com/){:target="blank"} - blog aggregator that publishes articles contributed by hundreds of R bloggers.

## Books

### R

[Advanced R](http://adv-r.had.co.nz/){:target="blank"} - I got this book before I could really understand it, but now I love it. The link will take you to the companion website, where you can read it online, or you can get a [physical copy from Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Advanced-Chapman-Hall-Hadley-Wickham/dp/1466586966){:target="blank"}. 

[Machine Learning with R](https://www.amazon.com/Machine-Learning-R-Brett-Lantz/dp/1782162143){:target="blank"} - This book was my first contact with machine learning. It provides a great overview of machine learning algorithms and serves as a great reference point for more advanced topics in R and machine learning.

## Job Boards

[R-users](https://www.r-users.com/){:target="blank"} - For R users, this site provides full-time, part-time, and freelance opportunities available worldwide. If you're looking for R users, post a job there to get exposure in the R community.
